# Project_Escape
Project_Escape
This repository is for a Javascript application for homework due June 13, 2018. It contains a Javascript file to run the application, an html and css file. The styling is created through the use of bootstrap and a css file, and the functionality employs the JQuery library. The application's functionality uses AJAX calls to three APIs: Mapquest, Hiking Project, and National Parks. The application is designed to allow the user to input a destination city, and it then returns the three closest national parks to that city and a map of the locations of the parks and city. The user can then select one of the national parks, and the application display changes the map to better show the park and gives the user the options to explore hikes, camping, and restaurants nearby. The user can click on any of these to find out more specific information about the hike, restaurant or campground. The buttons and the divs which provide information are dynamically created. The various activities each have an add button which, if clicked, stores the activitiy in an array which is stored in local storage. The saved information contains a delete button in case the user changes his/her mind and wants to remove the activity. Local storage is used because there is no need to store the information with a protected name and password. The user can navigate away from the page, close the page, and still can retrieve saved trip items. The user input was verified through the use of a regular expression in order to check against the inputted place name to ensure it is in the proper format and through the use of a modal (if the user tries to enter information which would not work, he/she is reminded to submit the city and state in the proper format). This project was created by Richard Sorenson, Robi Lovell, and Marjika Howarth. It is maintained by Richard Sorenson.